i dont know where youre going. but do you got room for one more troubled soul?. i dont know where im going. but i dont think im coming home. and i said, ill check in tomorrow if i dont wake up dead. this is the road to ruin and were starting at the end. say, yeah. lets be alone together. we could stay young forever. scream it from the top of your lungs. say, yeah. lets be alone together. we can stay young forever. well stay young, young, young, young, young. uh, uh, uh, uh-oh. cut me off, i lost my track. its not my fault, im a maniac. its not funny anymore, no its not. my heart is like a stallion, they love it more when its broken. do you wanna feel beautiful, do you wanna, yeah. im outside the door, invite me in. so we can go back and play pretend. im on deck, im up next. tonight im high as a private jet. because. i dont know where youre going. but do you got room for one more troubled soul?. i dont know where im going. but i dont think im coming home. and i said, ill check in tomorrow if i dont wake up dead. this is the road to ruin and were starting at the end. say, yeah. lets be alone together. we could stay young forever. scream it from the top of your lungs. say, yeah. lets be alone together. we can stay young forever. well stay young, young, young, young, young. uh, uh, uh, uh-oh. my heart is like a stallion, they love it more when its broken. do you wanna feel beautiful, do you wanna, yeah. im outside the door, invite me in. so we can go back and play pretend. im on deck, im up next. tonight im high as a private jet, yeah. lets be alone together. we could stay young forever. scream it from the top of your lungs. say, yeah. lets be alone together (yeah). we could stay young forever (yeah). well stay young-yo-yo-young. i dont know where youre going. but do you got room for one more troubled soul?. i dont know where im going. but i dont think im coming home. and i said, ill check in tomorrow if i dont wake up dead. this is the road to ruin and were starting at the end