im pedal to the metal make no mistake. this is my pity party, pity party. and im living out of time, eternal heatstroke. spiritual revolt from the waist down. from the waist down. im just a full tank away from freedom. spitfire. these are the last blues were ever gonna have. lets see how deep we get. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last blues were ever gonna have. lets see how deep well get. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. i got a feeling inside that i cant domesticate. it doesnt wanna live in a cage. a feeling that i cant housebreak. and im yours. til the earth starts to crumble and the heavens roll away. im struggling to exist with you and without you, yeah. im just a full tank away from freedom. spitfire. these are the last blues were ever gonna have. lets see how deep we get. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last blues were ever gonna have. lets see how deep well get. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. im sifting through sand, sand, sand, sand. looking for pieces of broken hourglass. trying to get it all back. put it back together. as if the time had never passed. i know i should walk away, know i should walk away. but i just want to let you break my brain. and i cant seem to get a grip. no matter how i live with it. these are the last blues, yeah. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last blues were ever gonna have. lets see how deep well get. the glow of the cities below lead us back. to the places that we never should have left. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last. the last, the last, the last