you and i were, you and i were fire. you and i were, you and i were fire. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fire. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. that went off too soon. and i miss you in the june gloom too. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. i said id never miss you. but i guess you never know. may the bridges i have burned. light my way back home on the fourth of july. ill be as honest as youll let me. i miss your early morning company. if you get me. you are my favorite what if. you are my best ill never know. and im starting to forget. just what summer ever meant to you. what did it ever mean to you?. oh, im sorry i didnt mean any of it. i just got too lonely, lonely, whoa. in between being young and being right. you were my versailles at night. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. that went off too soon. and i miss you in the june gloom too. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. i said id never miss you. but i guess you never know. may the bridges i have burned. light my way back home on the fourth of july. my 9 to 5 is cutting open old scars. again and again till im stuck in your head. had my doubts but i let them out. you are the drought. and im the holy water you have been without. and all my thoughts of you. they could heat or cool the room. and no, dont tell me you cried. oh, honey, you dont have to lie. oh, im sorry i didnt mean any of it. i just got too lonely, lonely, whoa. in between being young and being right. you were my versailles at night. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. that went off too soon. and i miss you in the june gloom too. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. i said id never miss you. but i guess you never know. may the bridges i have burned. light my way back home on the fourth of july. i wish id known how much you loved me. i wish i cared enough to know. im sorry every songs about you. the torture of small talk with someone you used to love. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. that went off too soon. and i miss you in the june gloom too. it was the fourth of july. you and i were, you and i were fire, fire, fireworks. i said id never miss you. but i guess you never know. may the bridges i have burned. light my way back home on the fourth of july