i just want to be better than your. your heads only medicine. i just want to be better than your. your heads only medicine. a downward spiral, just a pirouette. g-getting worse til theres n-n-nothing left. what good comes of something. when im just the ghost of nothing, nothing?. im just the man on the balcony. singing, nobody will ever remember me. rejoice, rejoice and fall to your knees. (for a). a lunatic of a god or a god of a lunatic?. oh, their faces are dancing. theyre dancing til, til they cant stand it. a composer, but never composed. singing the symphonies of the overdosed. a composer, but never composed. singing, i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant have. heralded as a king before i had a birthday. with double (double) digits (digits). fit the crown to my head, but i was only a kid. (yeah, i was only a kid). yeah, i was only a kid, hey. im just the man on the balcony. singing, nobody will ever remember me. rejoice, rejoice and fall to your knees. oh, a lunatic of a god or a god of a lunatic?. oh, their faces are dancing. theyre dancing til, til they cant stand it. a composer, but never composed. singing the symphonies of the overdosed. a composer, but never composed. singing, i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant, i cant have. i just want to be better than your. your heads only medicine. i just want to be better than your. your heads only medicine. im just the man on the balcony. singing, nobody will ever remember me. rejoice, rejoice and fall to your knees. im just the man on the balcony. singing, nobody will ever remember me. rejoice, rejoice and fall to your knees. a lunatic of a god or a god of a lunatic?. oh, their faces are dancing. theyre dancing til, til they cant stand it. a composer, but never composed. singing the symphonies of the overdosed. a composer, but never composed. singing, i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant have. i only want what i cant, i cant have