am i more than you bargained for yet?. ive been dying to tell you anything you want to hear. cause thats just who i am this week. lie in the grass, next to the mausoleum. im just a notch in your bedpost but youre just a line in a song. (notch in your bedpost but youre just a line in a song). drop a heart, break a name. were always sleeping in and sleeping for the wrong team. were going down, down in an earlier round. and sugar, were going down swinging. ill be your number one with a bullet. a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. were going down, down in an earlier round. and sugar, were going down swinging. ill be your number one with a bullet. a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. is this more than you bargained for yet. oh, dont mind me, im watching you two from the closet. wishing to be the friction in your jeans. isnt it messed up how im just dying to be him?. im just a notch in your bedpost but youre just a line in a song. (notch in your bedpost but youre just a line in a song). drop a heart, break a name. were always sleeping in and sleeping for the wrong team. were going down, down in an earlier round. and sugar, were going down swinging. ill be your number one with a bullet. a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. were going down, down in an earlier round. and sugar, were going down swinging. ill be your number one with a bullet. a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. down, down in an earlier round. and sugar, were going down swinging. ill be your number one with a bullet. a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. were going down, down in an earlier round (take aim at myself). and sugar, were going down swinging. (take back what you said). ill be your number one with a bullet. (take aim at myself). a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. were going down, down (down, down). down, down (down, down). were going down, down (down, down). a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it. were going down, down in an earlier round. (take aim at myself). and sugar, were going down swinging. (take back what you said). ill be your number one with a bullet. (take aim at myself). a loaded god complex, cock it and pull it