i was just an only child of the universe. and then i found you, and then i found you. you are the sun and i am just the planets. spinning around you, spinning around you. you were too good to be true, gold plated. but whats inside you? but whats inside you?. i know this whole damn city thinks it needs you. but not as much as i do, as much as i do, yeah. cause youre the last of a dying breed. write our names in the wet concrete. i wonder if your therapist knows. everything about me. im here in search of your glory. theres been a million before me. that ultra-kind of love. you never walk away from. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of the real ones. i am a collapsing star with tunnel vision. but only for you, but only for you. my head is stripped just like a screw thats been tightened too many times. when i think of you, when i think of you. i will shield you from the waves if they find you. i will protect you, i will protect you. just tell me, tell me, tell me i, i am the only one. even if its not true, even if its not true, yeah. cause youre the last of a dying breed. write our names in the wet concrete. i wonder if your therapist knows. everything about me. im here in search of your glory. theres been a million before me. that ultra-kind of love. you never walk away from. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of.... im here, at the beginning of the end. oh, the end of infinity with you. im here, at the beginning of the end. oh, the end of infinity with you. im done with having dreams, the thing that i believe. oh, you drain all the fear from me. im done with having dreams, the thing that i believe. you drain the fear from me. cause youre the last of a dying breed. write our names in the wet concrete. i wonder if your therapist knows. everything about me. im here in search of your glory. theres been a million before me. that ultra-kind of love. you never walk away from. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of the real ones. (youre just the last of the real ones). youre just the last of the real ones