put on your war paint. you are a brick tied to me thats dragging me down. strike a match and ill burn you to the ground. we are the jack-o-lanterns in july. setting fire to the sky. here, here comes this rising tide so come on. (put on your war paint). cross walks and crossed hearts and hope to die. silver clouds with grey linings. so we can take the world back from the heart-attacked. one maniac at a time we will take it back. you know time crawls on when youre waiting for the song to start. so dance alone to the beat of your heart. hey, young blood, doesnt it feel. like our time is running out?. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. wearing our vintage misery. no, i think it looked a little better on me. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. bring home the boys in scraps, scrap metal the tanks. get hitched make a career out of robbing banks. because the world is just a teller and we are wearing black masks. you broke our spirit, says the note we pass. so we can take the world back from the heart-attacked. one maniac at a time we will take it back. you know time crawls on when youre waiting for the song to start. so dance alone to the beat of your heart. hey, young blood, doesnt it feel. like our time is running out?. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. wearing our vintage misery. no, i think it looked a little better on me. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. put on your war paint. the war is won before its begun. release the doves, surrender love. the war is won before its begun. release the doves, surrender love. the war is won before its begun. release the doves, surrender love. (wave the white flag, wave the white flag, yeah). the war is won before its begun. (wave the white flag, wave the white flag, yeah). release the doves, surrender love. (wave the white flag, wave the white flag, yeah). hey, young blood, doesnt it feel. like our time is running out?. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. wearing our vintage misery. no i think it looked a little better on me. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. hey, young blood, doesnt it feel. like our time is running out?. im going to change you like a remix. then ill raise you like a phoenix. put on your war paint