i was, i was, i was, i was. gonna say something that would solve all our problems. but then i got drunk and i forgot what i was talking about. i forgot what i was talking about. dont you, dont you, dont you know. theres nothing more cruel than to be loved by everybody. theres nothing more cruel than to be loved by everybody but you. than to be loved by everybody but you, but you. if i can get my shit together. im gonna run away and never see any of you again. never see any of you again. i hope the roof flies off and we get blown out into space. i always make such expensive mistakes. i know its just a number but youre the 8th wonder. ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa, whoa). when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. woke up on the wrong side of p-p-paradise. and when i say im sorry im late. i wasnt showing up at all. i really mean i didnt plan on showing up at all. dont you, dont you, dont you know. i hate all my friends, i miss the days when i pretended. i hate all my friends, i miss the days when i pretended with you. i miss the days when i pretended with you, with you. if i can get my shit together. im gonna run away and never see any of you again. never see any of you again. i hope the roof flies off and we get blown out into space. i always make such expensive mistakes. i know its just a number but youre the 8th wonder. ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa, whoa). when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa, whoa). when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. if we hadnt done this thing. i think id be a medicine man. so i could get high on our own supply whenever i can. i became such a strange shape. such a strange shape from trying to fit in. i became such a strange shape. such a strange shape. i hope the roof flies off and we get blown out into space. i always make such expensive mistakes. i know its just a number but youre the 8th wonder. ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa, whoa). when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa, whoa). when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color. (whoa, whoa). ill stop wearing black. ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color